freshbooks is the simple cloud-based
accounting solution for freelancers and
small business owners check it out at
the link in the video description so
we're here at the Sony booth where they
are showing off the next evolution in
their short throw 4k laser projector
technology this one differs from
previous iterations in that it is a
little bit more furniture like in its
implementation so instead of just
containing a 4k laser projector it also
has a built in shelf and maybe the
powers coming back on now nope they were
just informing us that there is a power
outage we noticed thank you sorry for
that so in a nutshell it is a more
complete package than ever before and
that's why it actually costs more so
while the last generation had a couple
of cabinets and speakers this one has a
shelf which is cool because you can put
your xbox excuse me your your
PlayStation down there and it also has
three excuse me five speakers and a
subwoofer so there's two tweeters using
Sony's advanced vertical drive so
they're actually glass and they radiate
sound in all directions and there are
three mid-range speakers built into the
chassis with one of them actually firing
out the back that acts as a centre
speaker so it's it's pointed at the wall
and then it bounces the sound towards
the viewer the sub is actually the big
thing that's kind of at the back near
the bottom and from listening to it it's
actually surprising how much sound
they've managed to pack into this little
package now let's talk about the image
so it actually uses pretty similar tech
to Sony's last generation solution so
it's still a single laser DLP but that's
without a spinning colour wheel so you
shouldn't see any rainbow effect and it
can handle a maximum image size of a
hundred and
20 inches at only nine and a half inches
from the wall so that's actually pretty
similar to what we're looking at right
here it's 4k it's HDR it has a maximum
luminance of 2500 lumens and they're
planning to make it available in the US
sometime this spring now it's gonna cost
you a pretty penny at about $30,000 but
if you think of it more in terms of like
fancy furniture pricing and less in
terms of firing a laser projected image
at your wall pricing then maybe that
starts to get a little bit more
reasonable if you're into that sort of
thing I mean you got your engineered
marble top you got your design that I
think subjectively looks pretty darn
good and neutral so it should look great
in pretty much any space that's that's
real wood on the shelf there folks and
you know what else is real the time you
can save with fresh books fresh books is
the cloud-based accounting solution that
lets you save time and work more
efficiently as a small business owner or
freelancer you can create and send
professional-looking invoices in less
than 30 seconds you can make up for all
the time you waste listening to
announcements from the CES convention
center here and a Las Vegas Convention
Center excuse me
you can track your expenses and your
hours with their great mobile apps for
iOS and Android and you can try it for
free at the link in the video
description so thanks for watching guys
if you disliked this video you can hit
that button but if you liked it hit like
get subscribed don't miss any of our CES
2018 content and we will see you at the
next booth at least as long as the kinda
have that at least as long as the
battery for our light here doesn't you
know go out I can't get the battery out
I'm trying to show how dark it isn't
here it's dark